b&cell&lymphoma|b&cell non-hodgkin lymphoma
benign&neoplasm&bone|benign bone neoplasm
benign&neoplasm&bronchus|benign respiratory tract neoplasm
carcinoid&tumor|atypical carcinoid tumor
carcinoma&situ|carcinoma in situ
history&cancer|individual cancer history
history&leukaemia|individual cancer history
history&lymphomas|individual cancer history
history&lymphoma|individual cancer history
history&neoplasm|individual cancer history
history&tumor|individual cancer history
kaposi&sarcoma|kaposi sarcoma
leukaemias|leukaemia
malignant&melanoma|melanoma
monocytic&leukaemia|acute monocytic leukemia
neoplasm&adrenal|malignant adrenal gland neoplasm
neoplasm&bladder|malignant bladder neoplasm
neoplasm&bones|malignant bone neoplasm
neoplasm&bone|malignant bone neoplasm
neoplasm&brain|malignant brain neoplasm
neoplasm&breast|female breast carcinoma
neoplasm&bronchus|malignant respiratory tract neoplasm
neoplasm&caecum|malignant cecum neoplasm
neoplasm&carcinoid|malignant carcinoid neoplasm
neoplasm&colon|malignant colon neoplasm
neoplasm&epiglottis|malignant epiglottis neoplasm
neoplasm&fallopian&tube|malignant fallopian tube neoplasm
neoplasm&hepatic flexure|malignant colon neoplasm
neoplasm&ileum|malignant small intestinal neoplasm
neoplasm&lip|malignant lip neoplasm
neoplasm&liver|liver angiosarcoma
neoplasm&mediastinum|malignant mediastinal neoplasm
neoplasm&melanoma|melanoma
neoplasm&mouth|malignant oral cavity neoplasm
neoplasm&mucosa|malignant buccal mucosa neoplasm
neoplasm&oesophagus|malignant esophageal neoplasm
neoplasm&oropharynx|malignant oropharyngeal neoplasm
neoplasm&ovarian|malignant ovarian neoplasm
neoplasm&ovary|malignant ovarian neoplasm
neoplasm&pancreas|malignant pancreatic neoplasm
neoplasm&paraganglia|malignant paraganglioma
neoplasm&retina|malignant retinal neoplasm
neoplasm&skin|malignant skin neoplasm
neoplasm&splenic flexure|malignant colon neoplasm
neoplasm&stomach|malignant gastric neoplasm
neoplasm&testis|malignant testicular neoplasm
neoplasm&tissue|malignant soft tissue neoplasm
neoplasm&tongue|malignant tongue neoplasm
neoplasm&tonsil|malignant tonsillar neoplasm
neoplasm&ureter|malignant ureter neoplasm
neuroendocrine&tumors|metastatic digestive system neuroendocrine tumor g1
non-hodgkin&lymphoma|non-hodgkin lymphoma
skin&basal&cell carcinoma|skin basal cell carcinoma
t&cell&lymphoma|mature t-cell and nk-cell non-hodgkin lymphoma
